Why do inhibitory coupled networks tend to synchronize?
(Even if their intrinsic cell firing rates differ.)

Slide 1
    neurondemo
    Select "Synchronizing net (artificial cells)".
    Set "All to all connection weight" and "Delay" to 0.
    Press the run button.
    See: each cell fires with increasing interval.
    Fastest: 10ms interval, slowest 15ms interval.

Slide 2
    With "All to all connecton weight" inhibitory (-0.3)
    all cells reduce their firing rate. The slower cells are
    inhibited from firing at all.

Slide 3.
    With spike transmission delay of 4ms, the faster cells
    are synchronized, but slower cells have dropped spikes and
    slowest cell does not fire at all.

Slide 4.
    With a longer delay of 8ms, all cells are synchronized.

Slide 5.
    IntervalFire artificial cell equation and logic.

Slide 6.
    Analytic solution for minf that makes the cell fire with an
    intrinsic rate of 1 spike per invl.
    Analytic solution for value of cell state at t if its value
    at time t0 was m.
    Initialize the cell to fire invl (ms) from now.

Slide 7.
    NEURON ARTIFICIAL_CELL computes only when an event arrives.
    flag == 0 events mean an event with weight 0 arrived from some other
    cell. Depending on the cell state, it either fires, or moves its firing
    time to a new value from now. If the cell does not fire on this event,
    inhibitory (negative weight) events delay the firing time.
    Otherwise, the event means the cell should fire now and prepare for
    the next firing time.

Slide 8.
    Create the network. (parameter setting for Cell and NetCon not shown)

Slide 9.
    Intrinsic Cell state trajectories for fastest (red), medium (black), and
    slowest (blue) cell.

Slide 10.
    With 0ms delay, a firing cell inhibits all the other cells immediately.
    Examining the red trajectory carefully, you might be able to see that
    a given decrease in m when m is close to threshold delays the firing
    more than if m is far from theshold (the trajectories have
    decreasing positive slope as they approach threshold).

Slide 11.
    With 4ms delay, after the fast red cell fires, it has 4ms to rise before
    a flurry of slower cell events arrive and drives it down to a 
    significantly hyperpolarized state. Similary the black cell fires before
    any of the flurry arrives (especially from the faster red cell) but
    the flurry drives the black cell even lower than the red cell.  But
    the last event for the lower black starting point does not delay the
    next firing as much as the last event for the red staring point.

Slide 12.
    Full synchronization at 8 ms delay. The red cell after firing almost rises
    enough to fire again but the flurry of events arrives first. The slower
    cells are driven to much lower hyperpolarizing states, but each
    hyperpolarizing event delays the cell firing by less and less. The
    slowest cell is able to fire before the event from the fastest cell
    arrives.

Conclusion: Inhibitory synchronization requires
    Inhibition
    Delay
    Convex state trajectories

